how much of a difference can your
monitor make to your PC gaming I need an
acronym we're here take a look an Nvidia
g-sync technology this is a new approach
from Nvidia that basically says we're
going to take the video card that you
have in your gaming PC and we're going
to allow to talk to one of a handful of
new monitors that have Nvidia technology
built into it and what it basically does
is it takes the refresh rate of the
monitor and the frame rate from the
video card in your computer and allows
those two to sync up so basically your
computer no matter how powerful the
video cards in it will only kick out a
full frame of new mana mayshen when the
monitor is ready to receive a full frame
what that does is that eliminates what
we call tearing where you sort of see a
half drawn a frame on the screen so that
this kind of you see the whole picture
but this sort of some horizontal lines
across it worked a little bit out of
sync so the in effect is without that
tearing the image will seem smoother you
almost get the illusion of having a
higher framerate than you actually do
from the game so the first thing we do
is enable g-sync right here we've got a
really big powerful main gear desktop
computer with three nvidia geforce gtx
980 graphics cards and it pretty much
the high end graphics card we're gonna
see a pendulum swinging here and this
monitor is the non g-sync one and you're
gonna be able to see this very obvious
tearing back and forth here as the
frames being written by the computer are
not exactly in sync with a refresh rate
of the monitor and over here on this
side it looks completely smooth so even
though the frame rate is exactly the
same on these this looks nicer and
smoother and almost like you have a more
powerful computer driving it and I can
even spin the camera around here and you
can see that effect happening on the
pillars here as well here very smooth
and here you get a little bit of a
tearing right there so it's much more
interesting to see this in a game we can
throw out the built-in benchmark and
Metro last light a very challenging PC
game to run even now and you're gonna be
able to see a couple of examples even
though we're running this at very high
detail levels at 2560 by 1440 resolution
I would look up here at this sign right
behind these soldiers here and as we
look at it on the on the regular monitor
you're gonna see some of those
horizontal lines and if we look at it on
the G sync monitor you're not gonna see
that if you look at a lot of TV reviews
it's similar to something that they
called Agenor
kind of video smoothing or sometimes a
soap opera effect on TVs it's often
overdone here in a game it actually just
makes a game look nicer and smoother so
in order for this to work you have to
have a fairly recent Nvidia graphics
card a GTX series and you need to have
in a g-sync
compatible monitor and you can find that
in the description of the Vanar we have
an Isuzu model right here and there'll
be a big sticker on it that says g-sync
and of course they cost more than
regular monitors they'll be up to you to
decide whether or not this smoother look
is worth it it'll be really interesting
to see what happens when they start
building this into more monitors and
even laptop display I'm Dan Akron and
that is look at videos vsync technology